yo guys starstruck gaming here and
welcome to the first of many weapon
reviews for battle for fourth and you'll
be doing here on my channel and today it
is the age 23 so I want to quickly get
the formalities out the way so if you do
want to do for me to review a weapon
then leave a comment down below and for
the next episode I'll pick the top rated
comment to review so today as I said
it's the ace23 now this weapon is an
assault rifle that is unlocked by
completing the assault challenges so you
have to complete leading up to the gold
assault expert challenge which is to
obtain 50 medikit ribbons two hundred
kills then you assault rifle and ten
assault rifle ribbons so starts about
this gun it has a fire rate of 770
rounds per minute the mag size is 30
plus 1 in chamber and then read the fast
reload speed is 2.1 when you got bullets
chambered and the mt reload is 3.1
seconds so it's a pretty fast reload
compared to most other assault rifles so
the recoil is got nor point 36 up recoil
vertical recoil no problem on five
recall to the left and 1.25 pull to the
right and the first shot multiplier is
do this so when you first buy that first
bullet then we'll multiply three core by
two so it's got a pretty manageable
recoil for an assault rifle like this
and as you can see i'm easily able to
pick off enemies at ranges during this
game now as far as the damage starts go
it deals 25 damage up close and dropping
off to 18 at 55 meters so you can still
drop people and a long range you'll have
to put six bullets into but close range
it's four bullet to kill and when you
combine this with 770 rounds per minute
has a pretty high time to kill now for
me personally on this weapon I the
attachments i like to use are the coyote
site that's really good on this gun
because it's a Chinese weapon therefore
meaning that you unlock the core 80 site
instead of the red dot to start with or
the Cobra
and I think I'm still playing around
with it but I think that's my favorite
site of the and then we have as my
choice for the gadget on it I choose the
laser sight basically because it allows
people in my hip fire accuracy and I
just think that's a good thing with this
weapon because in close range you can
drop enemies pretty quick with that
highway to fire now for the underbarrel
not the for the underbarrel i choose to
use a stubby grip and the reason for
this is because it it decreases your M
the increases your accuracy therefore we
reduce the penalty for automatic fire so
you can spray enemies down much easier
along the distances and then finally the
barrel attachment there's two things I
like to use this it's either no
attachment because I don't want the
penalty or suppressor because I think I
use that in rush when I want to flank
enemies because I think that's a great
choice of weapon to use for that so
that's going to conclude this weapon
review of the ace23 which could well be
one of the best assault rifles in the
game so as I said if you want to pick a
weapon for next time then leave a
comment down below saying which one you
want to have and i will pick the top
rated comment to review next up so
thanks for watching guys it's been i
canna care and I'll see you in the next
one bye